[docs] Preloading & Caching assets: Update the example (#18286)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/preloading-and-caching-assets.md

      try {
        SplashScreen.preventAutoHideAsync();

        const imageAssets = cacheImages([
          'https://www.google.com/images/branding/googlelogo/2x/googlelogo_color_272x92dp.png',
          require('./assets/images/circle.jpg'),
        ]);

        const fontAssets = cacheFonts([FontAwesome.font]);

        await Promise.all([...imageAssets, ...fontAssets]);
      } catch (e) {
        // You might want to provide this error information to an error reporting service
        console.warn(e);
      } finally {
        setAppIsReady(true);
        SplashScreen.hideAsync();
      }
    }

    loadResourcesAndDataAsync();
  }, []);

  if (!appIsReady) {
    return null;
  }

  return (
    <View style={styles.container}>
      <Text>Hello world, this is my app.</Text>
    </View>
  );
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    backgroundColor: '#fff',
    alignItems: 'center',
    justifyContent: 'center',
  },
});
```

</SnackInline>

To use the local image asset, you can continue referencing the source of the image normally in your project, for example:

```jsx
<Image source={require('path/to/image.png')} />
```

> See the complete working example in [Expo's tabs template project](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/sdk-43/templates/expo-template-tabs/App.tsx). You can also run `npx create-expo-app --template tabs` to set up a local project with the same template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the complete working example in [Expo's tabs template project](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/templates/expo-template-tabs/App.tsx). You can also run `npx create-expo-app --template tabs` to set up a local project with the same template.
```

Using `main` is also not ideal, but I feel like it's bit better than linking specific SDK branch, which in time will need to updated.
